---
layout: post
title:  "Shooter"
date:   2016-05-25
categories: iOS Xcode development Shootr
---

Shootr is a social messaging app where chats are open to everyone and can host unlimited participants. We are looking for versatile iOS Engineers to become part of our evolving technology department who can work either in-house or remotely. This is an opportunity to join the team who are changing the way people connect with each other at any live event or topic. You will engage and collaborate in creating and executing a vision, as well as supporting the results.
General Experience:

2+ years’ experience in iOS development
Experience with design and implementation of business applications in a team environment.
Able to work in a rapid and agile development environment with frequent deliveries.
Individual must be independent and not require a lot of direction. This person should be able to jump in and hit the ground running. They should have a good, positive, fun attitude.
Individual should be able to articulate and creative.
Individual should have solid development life cycle experience.
Candidates should be prepared to provide code samples and demonstrate applications they have worked on.

Skills & Requirements:

Solid Objective C
Experience with Swift a huge plus
Fluency with Object-Oriented and MVC programming models
Fluency with multi-threaded programming styles and approaches
An understanding of relational database schema design, queries, and optimization techniques
Fundamental understanding of (pre-ARC) iOS memory management
Proficiency in UIKit, Foundation, Core Animation, Core Graphics, Core Data
Hands-on knowledge of latest iOS features


Company Overview:
Shootr is a global company based in Barcelona. Offices located in Rambla de Catalunya street, probably the best possible spot in town. We operate in 151 countries and 7 languages. Shootr is lean/agile, native design, and simple UX/UI.
Equal Opportunity Employer:
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, protected veteran status, or disability status.
Extra tags: developer, ios, MVC, UIKit, Foundation, Core Animation, Core Graphics, Core Data
